The project was started 21 Jan 2015.  
The project runs on ruby 2.2.0 and Rails 4.2.0.
21 Jan 2015:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
day12:
"Project assignment:
"We are creating a tracking system for a patient as he/she goes through a hospital. Today you will create the basic CRUD.

First name (Text field)
Last name (Text field)
Date of Birth (date selector field - Only dates 10 years or earlier)
Description (text field - Will be a description of why the patient is at the hospital)
Gender (Radio button)
Blood Type (Select box)
All of these fields are required!"

day13:
Change your relationships up a bit. You need to add Hospitals/Facilities and Medications. Your patients should live under your facilities and your medications should live under your patients. You should be able to create multiple facilities and have many patients there. Your medications should also be related to your patients. You should be able to have many medications.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All requirements of the HW assingment have been completed.

Database requires mysql2 and Sequel Pro.  In order to initiate the database use "rake db:create" and then migrate with "rake db:migrate".

In order to preform the validation on the DOB, http://www.software-thoughts.com/2012/08/validating-users-age-in-rails.html was used as reference.

Current controllers:
/home_controller.rb
/patient_controller.rb

Current Models:
/patient.rb

Current Views:
/home/index.html.erb
/patients/_form.html.erb
edit.html.erb
index.html.erb
new.html.erb
show.html.erb